README.md, before:

﻿# DengAI-Predicting-Disease-Spread
In this project, we’ve to predict total number of week wise cases of dengue fever for San Juan, Puerto Rico and Iquitos, Peru.

# Predict the Next Pandemic Initiative
The data for this project comes from multiple sources aimed at supporting the Predict the Next Pandemic Initiative. Dengue surveillance data is provided by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and prevention, as well as the Department of Defense's Naval Medical Research Unit 6 and the Armed Forces Health Surveillance Center, in collaboration with the Peruvian government and U.S. universities. Environmental and climate data is provided by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), an agency of the U.S. Department of Commerce.

In their own words:
<font color='blue'>Accurate dengue predictions would help public health workers ... and people around the world take steps to reduce the impact of these epidemics. But predicting dengue is a hefty task that calls for the consolidation of different data sets on disease incidence, weather, and the environment.</font>

Commit message:

Made some change in ReadMe file

README.md, after:

﻿# DengAI-Predicting-Disease-Spread
In this project, we’ve to predict total number of week wise cases of dengue fever for San Juan, Puerto Rico and Iquitos, Peru.

### Predict the Next Pandemic Initiative
The data for this project comes from multiple sources aimed at supporting the Predict the Next Pandemic Initiative. Dengue surveillance data is provided by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and prevention, as well as the Department of Defense's Naval Medical Research Unit 6 and the Armed Forces Health Surveillance Center, in collaboration with the Peruvian government and U.S. universities. Environmental and climate data is provided by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), an agency of the U.S. Department of Commerce.

In their own words:
<font color='blue'>Accurate dengue predictions would help public health workers ... and people around the world take steps to reduce the impact of these epidemics. But predicting dengue is a hefty task that calls for the consolidation of different data sets on disease incidence, weather, and the environment.</font>

#### Final output is in "Final_Output" csv file.
